# About FastSpring #
[FastSpring](http://www.fastspring.com) offers an innovative e-commerce engine designed to overcome ease of use, customer service, and cost issues that have plagued software e-commerce companies. We employ a customer-driven, iterative and collaborative Agile development process.

# About FsprgEmbeddedStore SDK #

FastSpring's embedded store consists of a controller with some integration points and WebKit's web view. It's thin and very flexible and lets you integrate FastSpring the way that fits best for your application.

To get an idea of how it works, the SDK provides two examples and a test application. FastSpring provides complete source code to ease debugging and to give you a better understanding of what happens behind the scenes. All source code is released under the [MIT license](FsprgEmbeddedStoreMac/raw/master/License.txt). It is open to contributions and its use is unrestricted.

# How-to build #

You can download the repository and use Xcode to build each part (Framework, Examples and Test app) of it.

Or you can use [build.sh](FsprgEmbeddedStoreMac/raw/master/build.sh) to build the whole SDK which contains all necessary binaries and a nicely formatted documentation (HOW_TO.html).

Or you can download the SDK [here](FsprgEmbeddedStoreMac/downloads) (section Download Packages) if you don't want to build it by yourself.

# How-to integrate

Read our **[Integration Guide](https://support.fastspring.com/entries/234307-embedded-web-store-sdk)** to learn how to enable your store for request from FsprgEmbeddedStore.

Download or build the SDK (see "How-to build"), extract, and review the **HOW_TO.html** document. This file contains an overview of the integration process for your Mac application.